hey what's going on everybody to hear
and welcome to some more call of duty
ghosts live so as you can see today
we're playing some more TDM this time on
obtained and I decided to use the links
sniper rifle now this is a
semi-automatic sniper rifle it's
actually really powerful fairly easy to
use I'm not much of a sniper so you
should definitely keep their minds when
watching this video not going to run
around and quick scope people just
because I will die over and over and
over again if I even so much try to do
that so don't expect too much for me but
hopefully we'll do all rights because
earlier today I'm actually get a pretty
decent score on octane also using the
links sniper rifle then again about 30
minutes or so ago I was basically was
deleting my audio files and I
accidentally deleted every single code
dude call duty ghosts gameplay that I
had recorded so far so it's a bit of a
downer not a lot this is filled I
selected all of those audio files after
I had selected the file you need to put
everything one of my clips so that's
basically how I deleted that and I can't
get them back even set my pc back in
time didn't work didn't matter a thing
so we're just going to have to do this
all over again because I had quite a few
game players is stacked up on my pc
already which was nice but then again
it's not like a huge deal or anything
like that it's not like I lost my 1st
kem strike because I haven't gotten that
one just yes there you go walk up on
people seriously just don't so we can
find somewhere over here like I'm not
too sure where my name is a rat's well
there's one don't even know how I didn't
notice that guy
what I did is they get over there did
you spawn over there oh wow it might be
spying over here like I'm not even
joking it might be okay let's zoom in no
these guys over here he's just following
me what are these guys doing these guys
are definitely not great at the game in
any way shape or form which is good for
me but it's not too great for them it's
following me what are these guys doing
I've no clue ok these guys head right
now we have a few in here let's see we
can take the mouse cuz I want to get a
few more kills for the game ants Oracle
nice one oh wow almost dad's should take
some couple for seconds there we go no I
died that's too bad well actually was
carrying do you feel operations don't
even know that I didn't realize that we
go nice one another one oh wait i
thought i just got a collateral but
someone else took out the other dude
over here okay i gotta take it slow now
there are a few up there maybe i should
just walk up I mean these guys aren't
the best so that might even work there
we go these guys are really bad we
thought here we go I these guys are in
fact spree bats but I don't want to see
don't mind that it's like I'm sorry
when it really counts these guys have 14
kills in total and I'm one of them said
a collateral no it wasn't the collateral
I need to get like a collateral in order
to unlock some kind of headgear not too
sure what's called but it's the one
Marik is wearing within the single
player off call me to go snow don't kill
me okay still alive oh no I failed
anyway regardless 26 and one I know I
was playing against probably the worst
enemies I've ever seen during cold video
it's like seriously these guys were
terrible but anyway if you enjoyed the
video a like would be great if not
that's cool just posting this because I
literally don't have anything else so I
hope you have enjoyed and I hope to see
some of you next time very easy
you